Society Leader app

FR-SL-2: Management of Events
Security and Privacy Protection
Only legitimate and authenticated society leaders will be able to access the app making sure normal people cannot. The system must therefore enforce role based access control that only the correct users can access.
Reason - Ensures fake events cannot be made

All event data will be encrypted, such as event details and participant lists.
Reason - User data is kept private

All uploads will be scanned for virus and malware, to ensure this only preauthorised file types will be allowed, eg MP4, JPEG.
Reason - ensures no malware is uploaded

Personal details will only be visible to the correct people to comply with GDPR laws
Reason - Follows lawful processing of user data

Performance
Creation of events should be able to be uploaded in 3 seconds or less once upload button is pressed
Reason - smooth user experience 

App must be able to compress uploaded documents like photos and videos and must not lose more than 15% of the original resolution
Reason - prevents long upload time and bandwidth bottlenecks 

The system should handle 100+ simultaneous events being created without serious performance issues.
Reason - Future proof for growth in number of societies and users

When data is requested it would be executed and shown within 3 seconds.
Reason - retains efficiency and makes sure tasks don’t get backed up when multiple requests are made at the same time.

Reliability
The app should have an uptime of over 98% per month excluding planned maintenance reasons.
Reason - ensures system can be accessed and used practically any time

If network connection fails app should be able to cache event data locally until connection is restored and then automatically reupload it
Reason - prevents data loss and gives users confidence in the system

Event data should be backed up per 24hrs
Reason - if the system crashes data can be restored therefore preventing permanent loss.

Scalability
Must be able to scale horizontally to handle more simultaneous event creations and a greater number of users
Reason - increased capacity for future growth without excessive redesign.

Should be able to store 1 million event records with no change in app performance.
Reason - future proofs the app for future increases in capacity.

Loads should be balanced across a balancer to prevent server overload during peak usage hours.
Reason - Will allow for consistent performance during the highest periods of demand.

Communication between my app and the USU system will use APIs that can handle at least 7500 requests per minute.
Reason - Ensures scalability for the future



